Draft yiisoft/view assets, and view no merge. (#50)
yiisoft/view: docs/guide/README.md

Assets
======

> An asset in Yii is a file that can be referenced on a web page. It can be a CSS file, a JavaScript file, an image or video file, etc. The assets are configured in diretories non-public, which can be accessed once it is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An asset in Yii is a file that can be referenced on a Web page. It can be a CSS file, a JavaScript file, an image or video file, etc. These files are usually placed in non-public directory that is then becomes accessible from public directory either by copying or by symlinking. This preparation step is called publishing.
```

> <p align="justify">An asset in Yii is a file that may be referenced in a Web page. It can be a CSS file, a JavaScript file, an image or video file, etc. Assets are located in Web Accessible directories and are directly served by Web servers.</p>

Reviewer: There's no need to wrap everything with `<p align="justify">`.

Reviewer: Don't we have assets originally located in non-public directories? The ones we should publish before referencing from web page.
